feat(docs): add digitalocean droplet based kestra installation guide (#1242)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/02.installation/11.digitalocean-droplet.md

![db_setup5](/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/digitalocean-droplet/db_setup5.png)

![db_setup6](/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/digitalocean-droplet/db_setup6.png)

![db_setup7](/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/digitalocean-droplet/db_setup7.png)

**Create a Kestra database**

1. Go to the database overview page, navigate to `Users & Databases` tab.
2. Under `Databases`, type an appropriate database name, and click on `Save`.

![db_setup8](/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/digitalocean-droplet/db_setup8.png)

![db_setup9](/docs/administrator-guide/deployment/digitalocean-droplet/db_setup9.png)

**Update Kestra configuration**

In the docker-compose configuration, edit the `datasources` property of the Kestra service to point Kestra to your Azure database:

```yaml
datasources:
  postgres:
    url: jdbc:postgresql://<your-db-host>:25060/<db_name>
    driverClassName: org.postgresql.Driver
    username: doadmin
    password: <your-password>
```

Because you now use the database powered by "DigitalOcean Database", you don't need the Postgres Docker service anymore. Remove it from the `docker-compose.yml` file.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll also need to delete the `depends_on` section at the end of the YAML file:

```yaml
depends_on:
  postgres:
    condition: service_started
```
```

In order for the changes to take effect, restart the docker services with `sudo docker compose restart` or `sudo docker compose up -d`.

## Configure Spaces Object Storage

> We do not have support for Spaces Object Storage yet. This will be introduced soon by Kestra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not have support for Spaces Object Storage yet. For now, you'll need to use a different service such as S3, GCS or Azure Blob Storage.
```
